Okay, let's get right in the word today.
We can do that in His presence.
That's what we're talking about today.
And we're in this series.
How do I get the presence of God, like we're feeling right now, to manifest in my life, 724?
Like I said, as your pastor and teacher who loves you, I don't want you to live a divided life.
Divided life, Pastor, I want you to have what you get on Sunday and Saturday all week long.
I want your house to be a worship center.
I want your house for the manifested presence of God to manifest as needed, 724.
I grew up in the church.
I gave my heart to Christ when I was 11 years old.
When I was 11 years old, I gave my heart to Christ totally.
I thought I did.
It was a small assembly of God's church, ran about 100 people.
I'm not blaming making excuses, but the youth group ran 10 and 11 teenagers.
So what'd I do?
I went outside the church because there wasn't very many friends at the church, my age, small church, little youth group.
Now I'm saved, but during my teenage years, I stayed a carnal Christian because I didn't grow spiritually in my teenage years.
So on Sunday, my dad was a deacon.
I acted like a Christian.
I looked like a Christian.
I smelled like a Christian.
But during the week, I was a carnal Christian.
I compromised.
I bend over, I bow down, I conformed to the world.
You know, the Bible says don't be conformed to the world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.
And so I lived a divided life.
And you know what?
That was miserable.
That was miserable because when I tried to act like a Christian on Sunday and I was a Christian, I was born again, but I wasn't growing.
I wasn't going through the process of sanctification.
I wasn't going through the process of renewal.
I wasn't going through the process of reading my one year Bible.
I wasn't going through the process of journaling and praying and doing the habits that would bring the sanctification, bring the transformation and the strength and the change I needed in my life.
I was a carnal Christian and a carnal Christian.
You're not happy in the world and you're not happy in church.
Can I have a witness?
I wasn't happy in the world because I couldn't go all the way and it wasn't happy in church because I knew I wasn't right with God.
Oh, I was born again, but I was out of fellowship.
How many of you can have relationship and be out of fellowship?
Think about your family.
Think about Uncle Joe.
Boy, I'm glad he only comes on Christmas.
Praise God.
I'm related to Uncle Joe, but boy, we don't fellowship all year long.
So you can be related but not fellowship.
Hallelujah.
So how do I get in the presence of God?
How do I draw his power?
How do I do that?
Three ways.
Number one, I have to be hungry.
I have to be hungry.
I have to be what?
Hungry.
Years ago, Daryl and Tracy Strawberry were members of our church.
Daryl was actually ordained under me at that time.
They were members of our church at that time.
They had a restaurant in New York City.
Daniel and I were going out to New York City to meet one of his friends, a producer.
And while we were out there, we met with Daryl and Tricy.
They were there.
We went to his restaurant.
And Daryl asked me this question.
I'll never forget it.
He said to me, Pastor, why is some churches on fire and other churches are lukewarm and cold?
He said to me, I said, Daryl, it's simply this.
One church is more hungry than the other church.
Hunger is the determining factor if God shows up or not.
God will not go where he's not welcome or wanted.
God only goes where he's invited and where we prepare our hearts for him.
So, hungry, everyone say hungry.
Well, I am more hungry and I founded this place 42 years ago.
I am more hungry for God today than I've ever been in my entire life.
I want revival.
I want a move of God.
I want to blow this city up for God.
I want to impact St. Louis.
I was talking to someone yesterday.
I want to see our city better than ever was at its best.
Amen.
So it takes being hungry.
I've got to be hungry.
The be attitudes.
Look at the screen.
Matthew 5 and verse 6.
These are the be attitudes.
These are the attitudes that should be in the life of a Christian.
the be attitudes, the attitudes that should be in the life of a Christian.
Blessed, and as your pastor, teacher, I want you blessed, blessed are those who hunger, there's our word, and thirst after righteousness.
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness.
So let me give you six ways to create hunger, because I know I'm talking to somebody,
And you say, pastor, you know, I've been going through a season of my life and I want to have a greater desire for the word of God.
I was talking to someone between the services and the lobby and they said, pastor, I never could get in the Bible.
I never could get interested in the Bible.
I never had a desire for the Bible until you forced asked us if we would read the one year Bible together as a church corporately.
He said, pastor, I got that a couple of years ago and now I got a plan.
And I've been reading about one year Bible with my family and he says, you know, I can't get enough.
Interesting, isn't it?
So it's how do you create that hunger?
You know, how do you create in somebody who wants more of God but doesn't know how to get more of God?
Who wants to get closer to God but doesn't know how to get closer to God?
How do you create that hunger?
Because without that hunger, God's not showing up at your house.
Without that hunger, he's not showing up at my house.
Without that hunger, he's not gonna manifest himself.
He only goes where he's wanted and invited.
So blessed are those who do hunger.
So let me give it to you six ways on how to create hunger.
Number one, this is real important, that reading your one year Bible.
Scripture stirs up desire.
That's huge.
That's what that young man was telling me.
He said, the more I would read the scripture, the more I had a desire to read the scripture.
And so when you read the scripture, it's alive, isn't it?
Penetrating our joint and marrow.
That means it knows where we need to be corrected and adjusted and empowered.
Hallelujah.
It's anointed.
It's not like any other book.
And so, so number one, how do I create that desire and that hunger is by reading by one year Bible.
And then a number two is by seeking his face through prayer, having a prayer life, seeking his face through prayer.
You say, pastor, there are days that I just don't feel like praying.
Me too.
Pastor, there are days that I just don't, it's the last thing I want to do is go pray.
Hallelujah.
But here's what I know.
I know feeling always follows action.
Feeling follows action.
So you start off in the flesh and you end up in the spirit.
You start off in the flesh.
You don't want to pray, but you know, you need to pray.
So you go ahead and do and build the habit and you go ahead and pray.
And by the time you're done praying, the feeling you wanted, you've got.
Does that make sense?
So you create a desire by reading your one year Bible because scripture stirs up desire.
Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desire of your heart.
And then number two, by seeking his face through a prayer life.
Number three, how do I create hunger?
By remembering God's goodness.
We serve a good God at church on the rock.
Our God is for us.
Our God has a plan for our life.
Our God will never leave us or forsake us or fail us or disappoint us.
Our God is our source.
Our God is our father.
It's our father's good pleasure to give us the kingdom.
Oh, we've got a good God.
Goodness and mercy follow us all the days of our life.
Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good.
No good thing will he withhold, Psalm 8411, for those who walk uprightly before him.
Oh, begin to think about the times he saved you, he healed you, he protected you, he led you, he kept you.
I remember one time I was in Israel at Tel Aviv and I was getting ready to get on a plane.
And back then when I was there, you had to walk out on tarmac to get on the plane.
I'd been in Israel with a group of ministers and a tour and I was getting ready to come home and I was getting ready to get on the plane at Tel Aviv and we had a long line, a long line to get on the plane.
And there was a guy standing in front of me with a backpack.
This was way before, you know, 9-11.
He had a backpack in front of me.
And all of a sudden, all of a sudden, the sirens, and here come the security with their jeeps and their trucks and their guns.
And in front of me, they all stopped, took the guy in front of me with a backpack, threw him to the ground.
He had a bomb in that backpack, getting on the plane with me to leave Tel Aviv.
Unbeknownst to me, Pastor Kim told me later, our prayer group at church on the rock knew you were in danger.
It was the same time.
And I called the prayer chain and we began to pray for you.
Oh, thank you, Lord, for your goodness.
Thank you, Lord, for your goodness.
But I just think of the goodness of God when I reflect on the goodness of God.
Oh, hallelujah.
It creates a desire.
I want more of God.
I'm hungry for more of God.
Wow.
So not only that we read our Bible through our Bible plan because scripture stirs up desire, not only do we develop a healthy prayer life seeking his face because that will create a feeling.
And not only do we remember his goodness, but number four, we remove distractions from our life.
Whoa.
We remove distractions from our life.
Proverbs 15 and verse 14 says, the fool feeds on junk.
You hear what I just said, family?
Proverbs 15, 14, the fool feeds on social media.
And get so full of junk food has no appetite for nutritious food when they come to church on the weekend.
Hallelujah.
Come on somebody.
You know, I'm hitting where the rubber hits the road.
We get so full of social media and most of it is junk.
So when we come to church, we're full and there's no room for revelation knowledge.
We got to make room for a God.
We got to remove distractions.
I'm not saying get rid of social media or technology.
I'm not saying that, but I'm saying limit it and don't get full of it because what you're full of comes out when you're in trouble.
So it's really important, we gotta remove the distractions, less social media, less watching this and listening to that and doing this and doing that.
So we have room for revelation, knowledge from the Word of God that creates more hunger for God.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, I got a witnessing in the center section.
You get a free coffee and a donut after church.
Thank you, Lord.
It's right now word.
Okay, number five, fellowshiping.
with people who are on fire with God.
You become like those you're around, fellowshiping with turned-on people.
You can't hang out with carnal Christians and be on fire for God.
You can't hang out with people who are compromising and be on fire for God.
You become like those you're around.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Show me your friends, I show you your future.
Show me your associations, I show you your achievements.
Show me your five closest friends, and that's your peak, that's your lid, that's as far as you'll go.
We've become like those who are around, iron sharpens or iron.
Wise people hang out with wise people.
Can I have it?
Amen.
You look, become, take on their habits and behavior.
So if I want to create a hunger, hang around hungry people.
Hang around the people who come to the prayer meetings.
Hang around people who are part of the small groups.
Hang around people that are involved in the church.
Hang around people who are serving the Lord.
Hang around people who are on fire for God.
And guess what?
You'll catch it.
I'll catch it.
And then last but not least,
How to create a hunger for God?
Look at this, following after righteousness or God's right ways.
Building my life on the rock, building my life on the rock, church on the rock, hearing and doing the word of God, discovering the principles and the promises to build my life and family and career upon.
So what does that mean?
That means you find out God's ways of doing things,
And that will create a hunger for more of God, because God is just.
And everything he does is right.
Psalm 119, the biggest chapter in the Bible, the theme is the word of God.
And over and over again in Psalm 119, the theme is the word of God, largest chapter in the Bible.
The theme over and over again is his testimonies, his commandments, his promises are right and just.
So when I get to know his righteousness,
or his right way of doing things and follow after them, I want more.
I want more.
I have a greater hunger for more of God.
How could I at 72 years old, how can I at founding this church 42 years ago, be on fire for God when most people are bitter and cranky and old and give up?
How in tarnation?
I'm telling you how right now, these six ways,
You do these and it'll cure what ails you.
It'll help you have a greater hunger desire for God.
Look at your associations when you leave today.
Look at how much time you're spending on your iPhone.
Look at how much time you're spending on social media, looking at your emails on Instagram.
All that's good if you manage it and it doesn't manage you.
Can we have a praise break right now?
Hallelujah.
And then,
And then this is so important.
How do I get the presence of God?
And boy, I feel the anointing right now is being hungry.
Number two, holy.
Now I know this isn't popular, but family, he said, be a holy for I am holy, holy.
Where to be holy people.
What does that mean to be holy?
Well, get out of your religious mindset to be perfect because there's not one perfect, but one.
And his name is Jesus Christ.
No perfect people at church on the rock, no perfect pastors or leadership here.
If you're looking for perfection, you won't find it because there's not one perfect people in the body of Christ, except Christ alone.
We're forgiven, but we're not perfected.
Amen.
So it's really important that you understand that holy does not mean perfect.
Holiness is an attitude that leads to action.
Holiness is a belief that changes my behavior.
Oh thank you Jesus.
Holiness is an attitude that it comes out through my actions.
Holiness is a belief that changes my behavior.
I don't act like I used to act because I don't believe what I used to believe.
I don't behave like I used to behave.
I don't act like I used to act because my attitudes are being renewed.
My attitudes are being renewed.
My attitudes are being renewed daily in the Word of God.
I'm not going to be conformed to the world.
I'm not going to be like the world to reach the world.
I'm not going to be a seeker sensitive church.
No way.
I want to be holy because it's holy people that God spends time with and that there's intimacy and that there's fellowship and that there's spiritual growth.
A holy person is somebody who's separated, dedicated, consecrated.
Holy means the word sanctification and that's the process I'm talking about.
The sanctification means to make holy.
Sanctification means to make holy.
So once you get saved until you get to heaven, we're in a process called sanctification.
It's a process.
It's not a 50-yard dash.
It's a marathon.
Christianity is a marathon.
And once we get born again, then the rest of our life until we graduate to heaven, we're in a process called sanctification, which thereby we become holy.
We become more dedicated, more consecrated, more sanctified, more set apart.
We're to come out from the world.
We're not to be like the world, to reach the world.
There should be a difference between saint and sinner.
Come on, somebody.
It's so important.
Do you know the word holy means to be saint, to be a saint?
to be a saint, so you're either a saint or you ain't.
You're either a sinner or a non-center.
There's no in between.
And so it's really important that you and I participate in this process called sanctification, where the longer we walk with God, the more we become like Christ.
Christ, Christian.
Christian means Christ-like.
Christ-like.
And the more we become Christlike, we become a disciple, we become a follower.
Listen very carefully.
We reflect the character of God wherever we go.
What would Jesus do?
We reflect the nature and the character of God wherever we go.
Holiness.
So if I want to see the manifestation of God in my life, not only does it take hunger, it takes
holiness, which simply means that Jesus is Lord of all.
If he's not Lord of all, he's not Lord at all.
So it means no compromise.
It means I'm not gonna be like the world.
To live a holy life, it means that you and I live on a higher plane.
We live on a higher plane.
That's why the world expects more out of us.
That's why when a Christian falls, that's why the world laughs at us and says, see, it doesn't work, they're hypocrites and they don't want to be like us.
So Christians are to live on a higher plane.
We're to live a holy life.
That means it's simply separated, dedicated, consecrated, totally surrendered to God.
Perfect no in process, yes.
I feel like a praise break right now.
Can we have a...
Come on, all you people, clap your hands.
Shout out to the Lord with the voice of triumph.
Matthew five verse eight, we're still in the beatitudes.
Blessed are the pure.
Let's stop and think about that word.
So this is telling me that purity comes before power.
So if I want power when my kids are sick and I lay hands on them, I want God to heal them, then I've got to live a pure life.
Not a perfect life.
but a pure life, not a perfect life, but a sanctified life, not a perfect life, but in process.
And so I've got to work on purity.
I've got to work on getting things that are impure out of my life, things that stain me out of my life, things that try to pervert me out of my life, because blessed are the pure purity.
Say it with me, please.
Purity comes before power.
for they shall see God.
Now, family, this is twofold interpretation.
We're gonna see God.
Those who are pure in heart will see God in the hereafter, the next world, but also it means you'll see God in this world.
What does that mean?
Those with a pure heart, when they come to church, they're gonna see God.
You're gonna feel the presence of God.
God's gonna manifest in our midst.
You're gonna see a scripture's gonna open up to you that you never understood in all your born days and all of a sudden the light comes on and you get revelation and you see God.
Oh my goodness!
But it's those who are pure in heart.
Those who are not pure in heart get diddly squat out of church.
Those who are not in part, let's do a Fred Price, let's turn it around.
Those who are not pure in heart, they don't see God.
They don't hear with their spiritual ear.
They don't see with their spiritual eye.
Those who are not pure in heart, so why does that tell me, Dave Blunt, you wanna get ready for church before you go to church?
I don't know, is the sound working?
Dave Blunt, you wanna get ready for church, even though you're the pastor, you wanna get ready for church before church happens.
In other words, Day Blunt, when you get up in the morning, on Sunday morning or Saturday afternoon before church, you want to go before the Lord, first of all, and not only take a shower naturally, but you want to take a shower spiritually, Day Blunt.
What's that?
First John 1.9.
First John 1.9, spiritual shower.
This is written to Christians.
If I sin, if I confess my sin, do Christian sin all the time.
None of us are perfect.
But the idea is to sin less every day of our life.
We're in a marathon.
So before I ever come this morning, I'm in the shower.
Kim's listening to me sing off key, but she's listening to me sing.
And I'm singing unto the Lord and I'm praising the Lord.
And this morning I say, God, if there's any sin in my life knowingly or unknowingly, please forgive me now in the name of Jesus.
And he said, I am faithful.
And I am just to forgive you of all unrighteousness.
So when I get in my truck and I put on praise and worship music and I put on the Bible and I begin to worship the Lord.
So when I get here, I am ready to see God manifest himself, do signs and wonders, change lives, turn things around, do the impossible.
Are y'all with me family?
Well, I'm getting too excited.
I can tell right now.
Hebrews 12 verse 14, Hebrews 12, 14, follow after peace.
Family, you don't wanna get in strife.
You wanna do everything you can to keep strife out of your marriage, your family, your parenting, where you work, keep it out.
Follow peace with all men and look at this, follow after holiness.
That's our goal.
Follow after holiness.
without which no man or woman will see the Lord.
In the next world or even in this world, I'll go to church.
I just don't get fed there anymore, Reverend.
I just don't get anything else out of that church service.
I'm going someplace else.
The church ain't the problem.
The word ain't the problem.
That individual's the problem.
Can I have it?
Weak amen or some kind of amen?
because it all goes back to my ears and my eyes.
Do I have ears that will hear and eyes that will see?
If I'm not hungry and not walking in holiness, which is simply separation from the world, not conforming, not giving in, being a bold witness, walking as light and salt before all mankind.
Wow.
So holy.
So number one was hungry.
Number two was holy.
As the team comes out, number three is,
Humble humility humility look a second Chronicles 714 if my people Question who's he talking to?
His people it's not a trick trick question.
It's a Who's he talking to?
He's talking to church folk.
He's talking to Christians Christ followers digital disciples.
He's talking to all of us and
And he said, if my people, which are called by my name, with Phil just humble themself, what's that being adaptable, correctable, changeable, moldable?
Isn't he the potter?
And we're the clay.
He wants to form and shape and make us.
You know, this last week Daniel, our executive pastor was leading a staff meeting and he went around to all the staff and he said, tell me your number one fear.
went around to the staff.
And so everybody, we all, we always say this is my number one fear of all fears that Daniel didn't ask me, but if he would have asked me, you know what my number one fear is?
Not reaching my potential.
That's my number one fear.
Not reaching who I could be.
Not reaching my potential that I have in Christ.
That's my number one fear.
I don't wanna die before I'm finished.
I don't wanna die before I become the person
because God's more important, more interested in who you are than what you do.
That's a good statement.
He's more interested in who we are than what we do.
So if my people who call by my name will humble themselves, pray and seek my face, turn from their wicked ways.
Oh, family, look, we all have wicked ways.
Every one of us.
Maybe it's racism, bigotry, lying, cheating, gossiping.
Maybe it's pornography, scrolling pornography in the middle of the night.
Maybe it's lying, maybe it's cheating or whatever it is.
But all of God's children got wicked ways.
That's why we're in the process of sanctification which produces holiness.
Be holy for I am holy.
What does that mean?
I grew up in the church and I never knew what that meant.
It's in 1 Peter.
God said, be holy for I am holy.
Well, what does that mean?
I can't be perfect, God.
What does holiness mean?
What do you mean I'm to be holy like you, God?
And here's what it means.
We are to reflect his character to the world.
We are to, you become who you're around.
You spend time in his presence and you take on his nature.
You take on the nature of God, the characteristics of God.
You take on who he is and we're to reflect that to the world.
It's called soul winning.
It's called witnessing.
It's called sharing our faith in the great, good, mighty God we serve.
Amen, somebody.
Now, can I have just five more minutes?
How many give me five more minutes?
Five, 10,
15, 12, oh, lock the doors, lock the doors, lock the doors.
So let me end with this, and this is life changing.
This is life changing.
I've been here 42 years.
I started with 35 people.
And the number one question I've been asked all these years, number one more than any other question, is pastor, how do I know God's will?
Pastor, I wanna know God's will for my life.
How do I know?
God's plan, God's will, God's assignment.
How do I know it?
That's been the number one question of 42 years.
More than any other question I've ever been asked.
In counseling, ministry, one-on-one groups, small groups, we used to have a Bible college, I taught in it, that's the number one question.
How do I know God's will?
And you know, we want to lock God's will into, well, it's a location.
We think of God's will as a location.
And that's important, you know, where you live,
where you work, where you go to church, that's all important.
But when we think of the will of God, we think of location or we think of vocation.
Well, the will of God is my job, my career.
Am I a scientist?
Am I a lawyer?
Am I a doctor?
Am I an artist?
Am I a writer?
Am I a musician?
What am I?
It's either vocation or it's location.
And those are important, but that's not number one.
The number one will of God, he's more concerned about who I are than what I do.
So the will of God, it does employ my location and my vocation, but that's not number one.
Here's the will of God for you and me.
Don't let it go over your head.
For this is the will of God.
Shazam.
Right there it is.
For this is the will of God.
Amazing.
It's not hid.
It's not hard.
Difficult.
Yes.
But it's not hid or hard.
For this is the will of God.
What I've been talking about all morning.
Hungry.
Holy.
Humble.
even your sanctification.
The will of God is that once I get born again, I get on the process and the plan and the course of growing as a Christian and becoming more Christ-like every day of my life.
Transformation, separation, dedication, consecration, day by day at seven 24, it's a marathon till you die.
and you participate in this sanctification, and God's gonna wanna change us and correct us and mold us and shape us and get rid of our behaviors, our opinions, our attitudes, all those things that hold us back.
And a lot of people won't cooperate, but they go to another church in the galaxy far, far, far, far away.
But notice that this is the will of God for you, even your sanctification.
So every day we're to work on
being less conformed to the world and more transformed into the image of Christ.
Our number one goal in life as a Christian is to reflect the character, the nature, the virtue of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And if we do that, you'll wind up in the right city, marrying the right person, raising the right kids, having the right career.
I know because I'd done it.
Okay?
It works.
I'm done.
Did you all get something today?
Come on, let's give the Lord a big thank you.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you for the word, Lord.
Thank you for the spirit.
Thank you for our church.
Thank you for one another.
Thank you for what you've did here today, Lord.
Heads are bowed and eyes are closed.
No one looking.
Those of you online, thank you for joining us.
We love you.
We pray for you.
And you're watching and you say, Pastor,
Well, I need God.
I want God.
I didn't understand it, but today the light has come on.
I realized that I don't want religion or an institution, but I want a relationship.
And now I know how to find God and I know how to grow in God and I know how to change and I know how the process works.
Pastor pray for me.
I want a relationship with God.
I want to surrender my life.
I want to dedicate my life.
I want to consecrate my life.
I don't want to be a carnal Christian like you were when you were a teenager or pastor.
I'm a believer already, but I want to reset my life.
Pray for me.
Faith is an act.
You got to do something.
Punch the button on your device.
And then if you need prayer, there are live counselors, prayer partners standing by in this room, heads are bound, eyes are closed in the lobby, in the cafe, in the family table.
You see, Pastor, God's dealing with me today.
Pastor, I heard God's voice in your voice, and God's dealing with me today.
I don't know the Lord.
I've never given my life to the Lord.
I wanna do it today.
Pastor, pray for me.
I wanna surrender my life to Jesus Christ.
It's not an institution, organization, or a man, but I wanna surrender my life to the one who made me, the one who created me, to Jesus.
Or, Pastor,
I'm already a believer, but God is dealing with me and being hungry, being holy, being humble.
Pastor, pray for me.
I want to reset my life.
Today, my life goes to a new level.
Everything changes.
The things I've held back, I'm surrendering today.
where their heads bowed and their eyes closed, no one is going to offend you or come to you.
But faith is an act and you need to raise your hand at least, be bold at your stand for the Lord.
And you're simply saying, pastor, include me in your prayer.
If that's you right where you're at, right now, every section, just slip your hand up right now.
Would you just slip it up and leave it up and let all heaven see it right now?
Heaven's watching.
Just keep it up.
Raise it up.
God's dealing with you.
You want more.
You want to be hungry.
You want to surrender your life.
You want to reach your potential.
You want to live for God.
If that's you, put your hand up.
You put your hand right back down.
Okay, church, we're going to pray.
Let's lead them right now.
It's in Romans chapter 10.
Say it out loud.
You're leading people to God right now and helping them discover His purpose for their life.
Here we go.
Have only Father.
I repent.
I change my mind.
I go in the right direction.
I believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
He died for me.
He rose again.
Jesus, come into my life.
Come into my heart.
I receive you now.
Jesus, you are Lord over my life.
Fill me with a Holy Spirit and take my life and make a difference.
In Jesus' name,
Amen.
Let's look up all of Heaven rejoices over one.
Thanks for watching this week's message.
One way for you to connect here at Church on the Rock is through the God is for you classes.
These classes are designed to teach you about the culture, mission, and values of Church on the Rock, and about your God given design.
You can take these classes anytime by going to our website at cotr.org slash God is for you.
And if you want to know about all the incredible things we have here at Church on Rock, make sure to visit our website at COTR.org.
And never forget, God is for you.